Dear {0} {2},

I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude for your generous donation to Berea College. Your contribution helps to make
sure that people like me can afford to get an education that would not be attainable by any other means. Being a
non-traditional student, I attended a university prior to attending Berea and dropped out after a couple of years.
When considering going back to college, I had many concerns. How would I pay for college? Would I feel out of place
being an older student? Would I find the courses meaningful and fulfilling? I strongly feel that Berea is a blessing
that dealt with all these concerns, has allowed me to flourish and has helped me become a more well-rounded person.

	The main difference, and main reason why I chose to go to school here, between Berea and other universities is their
no-tuition promise. With the average yearly tuition cost at nearly $45,000, it is safe to say that I wouldn’t be able to
afford a college education without the support of Berea College and their no-tuition promise. Another reason that I
chose Berea is their large base of non-traditional students. Throughout my first year at Berea, I have managed to make
meaningful connections with many non-traditional students, many of whom have similar life and college experiences as I
do. Finally, Berea has a wide range of available classes and I’ve been able to take a mix of classes that count toward
my major as well as classes that I find interesting and engaging. So far, Berea College has been welcoming, fulfilling,
and has been the experience with college that I always hoped I would have. Put simply, it feels like home.

	I plan on graduating with my degree in computer science in spring of 2026. Upon graduation I hope to find a remote
position that will allow me to travel the country, meet new people, and see new sights. I believe the experience and
opportunities provided by Berea College will help me accomplish this and help me find my place in the world. I want to
thank you again for your contribution to Berea. Without your support, students like me wouldn’t be afforded the
wonderful opportunity to get an education for free while positively impacting the world around us. I hope to do great
things, and without you it wouldn’t be possible.

Sincerely,
{3}